after filling stadiums around the world
Irish rockers you to have rolled into
Toronto it's a beautiful day for YouTube
fans especially those with tickets to
tonight's sold-out show at the Rogers
Center fans have been lining up all day
they opened the doors about 90 minutes
ago for general admission ticket holders
but you two will not actually blow the
roof off this place because look at this
the roof for tonight's show is already
open
CTV's Paul bliss is flying overhead Paul
what's it look like from our CTV chopper
hide spectacular I've seen you two
before I'd rather be front row Center
right now and for the concert but being
1200 feet above not a bad view either
you're looking at something called the
claw and it's the centerpiece of u2's
360 tour now we're just flying over the
stadium there are people already
surrounding the stage we're going to
give you a close look at this monster
something that bono dubbed his spaceship
catalog now this monstrosity is 90 feet
tall it was built especially for this
tour took 18 months to build from
concept to completion at a cost of 40
million dollars now it weighs a hundred
and seventy imperial tons that's 340
thousand pounds and the whole concept of
this monster was to make it seem like
the stage is almost as big as the
stadium to build a sense of intimacy for
the people who are there at the center
of this stage is a 54 tonne cylindrical
screen now there have been three of
these claws built one is in Chicago
being dismantled from their first show
in North America the other year in
Toronto for the show tonight and
tomorrow the other one is in Boston
right now being set up it takes 550
people to handle the setup and breakdown
of this stage and the show and they need
189 trucks to move it from place to
place it's just spectacular of course if
you've ever been to a u2 concert you
know that the show is more than just the
talent of a Bono the edge Adam Clayton
Larry Mullins it's the the scene that
they set and as well as the atmosphere
and Bono wanted to do something special
here tonight
they have 23 songs I'm not going to
reveal the playlist but we're going to
have
spectacular video for you tonight at
11:30 with the roof open live in the
chopper
I'm Paul bliss back here thanks Paul
look who arrived about 45 minutes ago
the band's lead singer Bono should be in
fine form when the group takes the stage
bono when the band have been in the city
for a couple of days taking in the Film
Festival this is exclusive video shot by
CTV Sean McInnis as you might imagine
the excitement is building in and around
Rogers Center right now and outside the
stadium is TTP's reshmi near reshmi the
film festival is on but this is easily
the hottest ticket in town right it is
it is Regina I've been here all day and
I haven't been able to get a ticket I
it's going to be a spectacular show for
the fans 60,000 fans are filing into
Rogers Center right now you two will be
performing for more than two hours
tonight at the sold-out show and you
know some of these fans have been
waiting days literally waiting here for
days for this lifetime of a moment
they've spent a sleepless night on the
concrete outside Rogers Center and they
wouldn't have had it any other way very
excited I may not look at because I'm
kind of miserable I've been up all night
cold already
you know we're ready it's the hottest
ticket in town if you can get your hands
on one
you too is performing two sold-out shows
in Toronto more than 60,000 fans will be
in attendance
each night some of them are lucky enough
to be going to both shows hundreds of
YouTube fans have been lined up here
since yesterday to get a good spot on
the floor for tonight's show but how
many of you here are from Toronto
Pennsylvania Hamilton oh let's Julia
over the black bear Kitchener Waterloo
Grand Prairie Alberta Montreal collabs
u2 has been around long before some of
these fans were even born
Nathaniel's dad scored tickets for both
shows for his eighth birthday do you
like u2 or does your dad like you too my
dad and after hours of standing in line
youtube fans finally got to file inside
and get just a little bit closer to the
moment they've all been waiting for and
so we're about an hour away from this
concert kicking off and I've heard that
among all of these fans there's going to
be some a-list celebrities here
apparently the ones that are in town for
the Toronto International Film Festival
the letter O has been tossed around
among the security guards here so that
can only mean that Oprah is rumoured to
be taking in the YouTube show here at
the Rogers Center reporting live I'm
rushman a back to you bill